
h1. How correlated are the alt-metrics?

**notes**
These correlations only include Research Articles.  

First:
* Do background-subtraction normalization
* then Transform it, to make it more normally distributed

h2. How correlated are the alt-metrics to each other

It depends.  Lots of factors.  Some are explored below.


h2. How to the correlations change across different journals?  How to they change over time?

Using Pearson correlations on evencounts that have been transformed and normalized on a per alt-metrics basis, by journal over time.	

!{width:600px;height:600px}file:///Users/hpiwowar/Documents/altmetrics.analysis/inst/doc_src/dexy_artifacts/heatmap_altmetrics_allalllabels.pdf!

<table>
<tr>
<td>journal</td>
<td>all years</td>
{% for year in range(2004,2011) %}
<td>{{year}}</td>	
{% endfor %}

</tr>
{% for journal in ["all", "pbio", "pcbi", "pgen", "pmed", "pone", "ppat", "pntd"] %}

<tr>
<td>{{journal}}</td>

<td>
	!{width:75px;height:75px}file:///Users/hpiwowar/Documents/altmetrics.analysis/inst/doc_src/dexy_artifacts/heatmap_altmetrics_{{journal}}all.pdf!

</td>

{% for year in range(2004,2011) %}
<td>

!{width:75px;height:75px}file:///Users/hpiwowar/Documents/altmetrics.analysis/inst/doc_src/dexy_artifacts/heatmap_altmetrics_{{journal}}{{year}}.pdf!

{% endfor %}


</td>
</tr>
{% endfor %}
</table>

All altmetrics, with dendrograms (not sure why reordering puts diagonal in opposite direction, also the dendrograms are in the figure but are really hard to see in this embedded pdf):

!{width:600px;height:600px}file:///Users/hpiwowar/Documents/altmetrics.analysis/inst/doc_src/dexy_artifacts/heatmap_altmetrics_allalldend.pdf!


h2. Correlation of articles and alt-metrics

!{width:600px;height:600px}file:///Users/hpiwowar/Documents/altmetrics.analysis/inst/doc_src/dexy_artifacts/heatmap_articles_vs_altmetrics_2008.pdf!

